README.md, before:

# Graphics_Lab
## Students:

 - Wajeeh Atrash - 322773946
 
 - Saji Assi - 314831207
## The project Directed by - **Dr. Roi poranne**
## Working Progress:
- **Week1**: discussing the game idea,taking the green light for writing a pitch for the game, working on the pitch ,opening a repo for the project.
- **Week2**: learning Unity implementing vasic movment for the character wolking all direction and jumping it took us a wjile to find a way to implement the jumping mechanism that allows the player to jump only when he is on the ground, beside the movement we added the mechanism to switch controll between the character and made the game first person view, we have an issue with it the player doesn't move to the direction he is facing we searched for a solution and tried 2 different ways and didn't worked for us(3 hours)

![](week2.gif)

- **Week3**:

		- fixing the bug from the last week 1 hour.

		- changing the camera position with player changing 0.5 hour.

		- adding a pickup mechansim to hold cubes 1.5 hour.

		- trying to add iteractble text (didnt work) 1 hour.

		- watching unity pro builder tutrials and modeling a basic room 1.5 hour.

		-implementing a presure plate mechansim for door opening 0.5 hour.

		- design a basic demo level to domenstrate the progress and testing the added mechanism 1 hour.

		- doing some search for how to implement grabler hook gun & portal gun 1 hour.
	![](week3.gif)

- **Week4**:

	Made no progress due to other obligations.
- **Week5**:

		- implementing Grappler Gun using spring joint,we used ray cast to detect if we had a collision with an object we can grapple to then we added to the player a spring joint component to connect it with the grappling point and applying physics on the player. (2 hours)
		- the result we got wasn't satisfying ,we tried a different approach by applying an explosive force on the player at the direction he want to go to (didn't go will) we spend more time trying to improve our first approach and understanding why we got this result and we found that the main problem was choosing the right parameters for spring joint thats fit our movement implementation. (6 hours)
	- **finale result**:
	![](week5.gif)

Commit message:

Grapplegun done
#-the grapple gun can grab pickup able items
#-crosshair added
#Interactable system added

README.md, after:

# Graphics_Lab
## Students:

 - Wajeeh Atrash - 322773946
 
 - Saji Assi - 314831207
## The project Directed by - **Dr. Roi poranne**
## Working Progress:
- **Week1**: discussing the game idea,taking the green light for writing a pitch for the game, working on the pitch ,opening a repo for the project.
- **Week2**: learning Unity implementing vasic movment for the character wolking all direction and jumping it took us a wjile to find a way to implement the jumping mechanism that allows the player to jump only when he is on the ground, beside the movement we added the mechanism to switch controll between the character and made the game first person view, we have an issue with it the player doesn't move to the direction he is facing we searched for a solution and tried 2 different ways and didn't worked for us(3 hours)

![](week2.gif)

- **Week3**:

		- fixing the bug from the last week 1 hour.

		- changing the camera position with player changing 0.5 hour.

		- adding a pickup mechansim to hold cubes 1.5 hour.

		- trying to add iteractble text (didnt work) 1 hour.

		- watching unity pro builder tutrials and modeling a basic room 1.5 hour.

		-implementing a presure plate mechansim for door opening 0.5 hour.

		- design a basic demo level to domenstrate the progress and testing the added mechanism 1 hour.

		- doing some search for how to implement grabler hook gun & portal gun 1 hour.
	![](week3.gif)

- **Week4**:

	Made no progress due to other obligations.
- **Week5**:

	- implementing Grappler Gun using spring joint,we used ray cast to detect ifwe had a collision with an object we can grapple to then we added to theplayer a spring joint component to connect it with the grappling point andapplying physics on the player. (2 hours)
	- the result we got wasn't satisfying ,we tried a different approach byapplying an explosive force on the player at the direction he want to go to(didn't go will) we spend more time trying to improve our first approach andunderstanding why we got this result and we found that the main problem waschoosing the right parameters for spring joint thats fit our movementimplementation. (6 hours)
	- **finale result**:
	![](week5.gif)

- **Week6**:

	- Made no progress due to other obligations.


- **Week7**:
	- now the grapple gun can grab the pickupable items(1h).
	- Crosshair added for better aiming (0.5h).
	- added the bones for an interactable system the shows popup messages for the player (2.5h).
	![](week7_1.png)
	![](week7_2.png)
